[Music]
saw 2004 film
stories sum up the story starts with
adam who finds himself in bathtub after
coming into sense
he has got upset finding himself here
and he gets up immediately as a result a
bathtub stopper is removed and the water
with blue liquid is also drained
further it will be told what is that
liquid
as the light is switched on he comes to
know that dr lawrence was also with him
and both are chained in our old and
filthy washroom
and there is dead body full of blood
before them
it had a revolver in one hand while
other hand has tap recorder
both cannot remember how did they arrive
here
afterward both find cassette bullet and
a key
through which they try to open the lock
of their chain but fail
this key is of another lock adam with
the help of dr lawrence picks the tap
near the dead body
and both hear the cassette of each other
which has recorded voice of distorted
person
who tells adam he has spoiled the lives
of many people recording secretly
and today the opportunity is given to
mend himself
either he may die due to the starvation
or escape courageously
same voice also tells to lawrence that
he never knew the
value of his life he has been conveying
messages of death to his patients for
the last many years
and how will it be when he himself be in
such death condition
if he wants to see a live of his
daughter and wife he will have to kill
adam before the time six o'clock
to accomplish this task room has hidden
clues which he will find
dr lawrence plays a cassette again for
understanding of clue where he hears
follow your heart that is the second
clue
according to this clue he notices a sign
of heart on the toilet tank
adam finds two hacksaws and some photos
which were captured by dr lawrence
and he does not tell about these
photographs to doctor
both try to cut their chains but in vain
adam throws this saw furiously which
breaks the sore and glass of a near wall
dr lawrence also struggles to cut the
chain but cannot
they get understanding that this saw is
not to cut the chain but their feet
it is the trial for them as they may
sacrifice of their feet
facing such circumstances they remember
that their captor is number jigsaw who
tried to entrap them in a murder few
months ago
now we see the movie flashback dr
lawrence tells the jigsaw victimizes
those who devalue their lives
who play with the life of others
according to them jigsaw
is not killer he does not kill his
victim himself
rather he tortures his victim physically
and psychologically through a game
if victim survives he may know the
importance of life
david tapp was investigating jigsaw
killer
and on the murder of mark he has got a
pen containing dr lawrence's
fingerprints
doctor is suspected by him so doctor is
interrogated
detectives ask from doctor about his
presence at the murder of mark
at that time he goes to meet his
internee he wanted to hide it because of
his affair with that lady
and he did not want to reveal it before
his wife
he has to tell it to avoid aristeong
jigsaw's another victim amanda is called
so that she may recognize the kidnapper
jigsaw who is perhaps disguising himself
as a doctor
but amanda refuses to recognize him
because he had never seen
jigsaw's real face amanda drugs heroine
but cannot get rid from it even after a
great
struggle so jigsaw also victimizes her
she is only the first lady who wins the
trial of jigsaw
facing death too near she thinks that
jigsaw has helped mending her life
she gets rid the addiction of drugs so
soft corner is made for jigsaw
the story of movie again moves to adam
and doctor
where they understand and think someone
is looking at them behind the wall glass
after a time conversing dr lawrence
takes out his family photo from his
wallet and shows to adam
adam finds the captive family photo he
keeps it in a hidden way to avoid grief
otherwise behind the photo
adam also finds a hint through which he
finds clue
hex through xmark they search a little
red box containing a cigarette lighter
phone and a note for doctor which he
considers as laying dead body's blood
piercedness
mixing cigarette with blood and giving
it to adam he can murder adam if he
wants
but he does not do as such and he asks
adam to dramatize death death-taking
cigarette
but jigsy comes to know it and their
plan is flopped
doctor receives a call on the same phone
and he knows about his captive family
he has little time to accomplish his
task which is the murder of adam
otherwise he also knows through call
that adam is already aware about doctor
showing photographs to dr adam informs
detective tap had paid him to keep an
eye on you
observing others and taking their photos
secretly is his profession
noticing a photo carefully doctor
observes his hospital employee in their
hospital window
doctor is assured that he is jigsaw who
has kidnapped his daughter
and wife and the master mind of whole
operation
keeping an eye over them through the
camera in their house
and clock had struck six o'clock before
doctor realizes it
according to rule doctor had not still
killed adam.sosepp in forms through a
call that his family will not survive
and it is all his mistake hearing the
sound of gun through call
doctor has gone mad he has no other way
now
so he has to cut his feet with saw to
reach the revolver
he shoots adam using revolver at the
same time
zepp tries to kill the family with saw
but detective tap saves them
escapes trickly but detective arrives
there pursing him where doctor and adam
are captive
detective tap tries to arrest sep but
himself is killed while fighting
doctor had not killed adam on the
assigned time so saying it
is the rule sep is nearly to shoot
doctor
recovering from the wound of gunshot
adam attacks sepp and kills him with the
toilet tank lid
both are injured now doctor decides to
take help and crawls out for it
leaving adam adam tries to search the
key of chain from
zepp's courts and he also finds a tape
from his pocket
seeing it he is astonished hearing the
tape
he knows that zepp was also the game
victim of jigsaw
jigsaw had planned his body to get the
antidote of it
he was asked to kill the doctor's family
as the tape ends the laying dead body in
room gets up
facing him adam loses his senses
this corpse of none but of jigsaw whose
real name is john kramer
he was monitoring the whole operation
prending him as a corpse
movie flashback reveals that jigsaw is
the same cancer patient who was under
the the treatment of dr lawrence
he tells in his feeble voice that the
key to his chain was always in this
bathtub
then adam realizes but the beggining the
blue thing which drained was the key of
his freedom
adam was about to shoot jigsaw with
zepp's gun
he weakens him with electric shock
jigsaw leaves him for death in that room
before adam may act anymore in this way
film ends thanks for watching